it's Rachel here and i'm here with omar
who is the game director on PlayStation
all-stars battle royale I said that
right you said that right that's correct
that's a mouthful we're checking out the
game spain now I was wondering what goes
into the thought and the decision on
which characters have put into this game
yeah well I think the idea for a game
like PlayStation all-stars existed sort
of in the hearts and minds of the fans
you know long before as Sony and
supervised got around to actually making
it so a lot of it is listening to those
sort of long-standing fantasy matchup
requests that you know what fans are
having debates on over the internet and
then you know a lot of it is we're also
PlayStation fans as well so if there's a
particular character that's near and
dear to our hearts you know we'll fight
for those characters too it's all about
making a fun and interesting game
experience with the characters and so
that plays a little bit uh parole as
well how do you go through and really
scale these characters they are
competitive because I mean Kratos could
kick a bat princesses but easily but in
this kind of game they need to be kind
of on the same plane love it yeah well
that's some of the fun in the challenge
of it you mentioned character like that
princess who is from a game that's
really nothing like PlayStation
all-stars and so you know the fund and
the towns on our part is to take
character like that and boil her down to
her essence and then realize that in
sort of a combat system that does work
in PlayStation all-stars you know that's
our job and we have a lot of fun doing
it what are some of the levels that
we'll be able to play on in this game
yes so we do something really
interesting with the levels in
PlayStation all-stars a very similar to
our character roster which takes a bunch
of different characters and puts them
all together in the same game our levels
are sort of a mash-up as well so you'll
be fighting on a level inspired by the
Hades level from God of War then all of
a sudden you'll see this patapon mashup
and they'll sort of have interesting
interplay with the character Hades and
they'll stand you know but play off of
each other and that's really fun we
apply that thinking to all of our levels
and so they're little hidden easter eggs
that sort of take advantage of you know
just different various facts about the
PlayStation history for instance we have
our Alton's power level which is a
combination of the infamous game in the
sly cooper game two games made famous by
the sucker punch team so we kind of
apply that thinking like I said to all
bubbles playstation all-stars will also
be on the PS Vita as well as a ps3 how
are those going to work together yes so
we think about place a small stars
basically as a platform agnostic game so
it's a game that you can play on your
playstation 3 playstation vita just
depending on what the situation calls
for and then of course the PlayStation
Vita and and ps3 owners can play against
each other seamlessly so if I go online
with my playstation 3 i'll be challenged
against players who have Vitas if I'm at
home playing on my playstation 3 and you
come over with your Vita a weekend join
and fight each other in the same match
and then of course we just recently
announced our promotional offer whereby
if you buy the PlayStation 3 version you
get the PS Vita version it no we just
won't cost so for us it really is just
one game that happens to appear on two
different platforms okay and tell me
more about this super system yes so this
is something new and interesting we're
doing in PlayStation all-stars in police
station all-stars characters don't have
a health bar instead what you do is
while you're fighting you're constantly
building up this energy and you use this
energy to perform super attack super
attack so actually the only way you can
kill opponents in the game and killing
opponents is the way that you score
points and whoever has the highest
number of points at the end of the match
wins it's a little different there's
perhaps an extra layer of abstraction
from your traditional fighting game but
we really like what it did to the
gameplay and it's something that we
think is kind of new and interesting
we're really excited for players to try
out personally who is your favorite
character to play with I'm really having
fun with noriko from Heavenly Sword he's
a character that we announced just this
week she has a really interesting play
style kind of a mix of high-risk
high-reward which makes me really you
know feel smart when things go right so
I have a lot of fun with that right now
that's the full roster been announced
well we're only talking about the 20
characters that we've been out so far so
yeah you'll just have to stay tuned and
see what happens awesome and when can we
expect these about yeah so PlayStation
all-stars battle royale will be out on
the PlayStation 3 and PS Vita on
November 20th like I said if you buy the
PlayStation 3 version you get the PS
Vita version with at no additional cost
well thank you so very much
you